doc: POH API rate limit (#1004)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/get-started/how-to/poh-api.mdx

curl -X GET "https://linea-xp-poh-api.linea.build/poh/0xc5fd29cC1a1b76ba52873fF943FEDFDD36cF46C6"
```

### Rate limiting

The API is rate-limited to 5 requests per second.  

> Exceeding this limit will result in getting 429 errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceeding this limit will result in a 429 error.
```

Adjusted as there was a risk of this reading as if you will get >400 error messages 😅
